The capital has fallen.
Father, fear not.
Look up there, at the flags.
Ah! So, they haven't
seized control just yet.
Drive the enemy troops away!
We must get back to the castle!
[ENEMY SOLDIERS yell]
I bring word, my king.
The Amidonian force
is advancing.
They're planning
to attack all at once.
A frontal assault‐‐
it's about time.
They waved the banner two times!
Crane wing formation!
Royal guard and Forbidden
Army in the center!
General Glaive
on the left flank!
Princess Liscia
on the right flank!
Let us meet the enemy!
[SOLDIERS cheering]
We'll never back down!
Show these cowards how fearsome
Amidonian soldiers are!
Strike with the rage of a
country that's been invaded!
[yelling]
I won't let you lay a finger
on the princess!
I'm Liscia Elfrieden.
If you want to claim the head
of the daughter of Albert,
then come and take it
if you have the nerve,
you cowards!
Your Highness.
Your mind doesn't seem
to be on the battle.
[SOUMA] Isn't this what's
required of a figurehead
general?
His place is at basecamp, with
too much time on his hands.
No one expects you
to take up a sword.
Let others fight for you, right?
Then the king's work
comes afterwards.
Beyond that, let's see.
I suppose in the event things
don't go as planned,
I'll stick my neck out to
plead for my men's lives.
Are you telling me
you're not afraid to die?
What? Of course not.
It's not as if I have some
kind of death wish.
But you just said
if it came down to it,
you would sacrifice
yourself for the lives
of your soldiers?
Oh. I guess I did.
That's kinda odd.
Are you feeling ill?
Carla, there's a chance
that I'm a charlatan.
Unless I become a full king,
I can't send soldiers
onto the battlefield.
[SOUMA]
Without even realizing it,
at some point I began
conducting myself
as the official ruler
of the nation.
I'm creating policy now
by looking at the number
of lives I can save,
then subtracting
the number we'd lose,
and selecting a course of
action that doesn't result
in a negative.
What are you talking about?
I'm behaving like a coward.
Deep down, I'm afraid of
seeing myself and others
get hurt and die.
But in order to enter into war,
I have no choice but
to fully become the king
over this institution.
Julius.
What is it, Father?
Remove yourself
from the battlefield.
Huh? But you can't be serious!
Now, when the fighting
has only just begun?
The battle's already lost.
I don't know what
I was thinking
sending exhausted soldiers
into this death trap.
I will buy us extra
time while you find
some means of escaping.
At least get yourself to safety.
You can't mean that!
The ruler of Amidonia should
be the one to survive!
‐‐I'll buy you time!
‐‐I'm afraid that's impossible.
Elfrieden will not cease
until they have my head.
[SOUMA] If only I can defeat
him, then the hardliners
within the Principality
of Amidonia will cave.
In regards to protecting
the Elfrieden Kingdom,
it's our best shot.
Then it's true.
the only reason
Souma is doing this
is that he wants you dead.
Even if I were a
coward and withdrew,
they would pursue me
to the ends of hell
before letting me go.
Take some troops and
get yourself out of here.
I was wrong.
Compared to the bumbling Albert,
this new ruler far outclasses
his predecessor.
Please! Allow me to
ride beside you, Father!
Silence, boy!
I gave you a royal decree!
What will become of our family
if you are lost, too?
But there's still Roroa!
The future of our family
has never concerned her.
The soul of Amidonia
lives on with you
and must not be snuffed
out here today!
Father, you can't.
Please forgive me!
Now to show them what
Amidonian pride looks like!
Ha!
Our only objective is claiming
the head of King Souma!
[MESSENGER A]
It's the main Amidonian force,
they appear to have fallen back,
except for Prince Gaius and
an escort of 500 elite knights,
sire! They are charging here,
toward the main camp!
Your collar, I'll re‐imprint it.
It'll answer to Liscia.
If anything should happen
to me out there,
and I fall during battle,
I will need you to tell Liscia
that I yield the throne
to her.
Is that your last will
or something?
If you think there's any way I'm
going to carry out that request,
you've gone mad!
Make life easier; order me
to strike him down!
It's not for your sake!
Liscia is my friend and I don't
want to see her getting hurt.
So, give me the order already,
and let's finish this!
Kill him.
At once!
That is far enough,
Prince Gaius!
I won't allow you to come
any closer to His Majesty!
It has been done.
Highness, may your
wish be fulfilled.
That's not him. It's a decoy!
Stand aside, you peons!
I will cut down anyone
who comes between me
and my objective!
I don't know why you show
this king such loyalty,
nor do I care!
I will achieve the desire three
generations strove for!
And no one will stop me,
especially not some
dragonewt wench!
Before I spill Souma's blood,
I'll gladly paint the
ground with yours!
You didn't really think
Gaius the Eighth
would be defeated
by a mere puppet?
[SOUMA]
Carla!
Finally, I meet the
source of my strife.
Yeah. I'm Souma Kazuya.
And you're Gaius Amidonia,
the man who tried to
illegally seize our land!
Silence!
That land originally
belonged to our country!
How is it illegal to tread
on one's own land?
Get off me!
Carla, now! Do it!
Better stand clear!
[SOUMA]
Carla! Are you all right?
I thought I told you
to stay back!
If something happened to you,
Liscia would never forgive me!
Souma Kazuya,
until I claim your head,
I will never admit defeat!
Your kingdom,
I will take it down
and make the people submit,
and demonstrate
the backbone of
the great Amidonia.
I have had my taste
of Elfrieden hospitality!
Here is Amidonia's gift,
to show my gratitude!
I have seen Amidonian pride!
All of you have!
We've witnessed the valor
of Gaius the Eighth,
of the Principality of Amidonia.
He will be spoken of
for years to come!
I see, so my father
was defeated?
Listen, Sebastian,
could you let me have
the room to myself?
Just for a little while?
You really were a dumb
old man, right to the end.
This place is utterly gorgeous.
They must have spent
even more on decorating
than we did at Parnam Castle.
If they had that much money,
there were plenty of other areas
where it could have been
better invested.
I mean, the layout
of the streets
is needlessly complicated.
It's literally a maze
down there.
Actually, they were made
exceptionally complex
on purpose,
so arrows and cannons
wouldn't have clear shots.
It's every bit the
military state, huh?
So, you've been planning
this takeover of Amidonia
for quite some time,
haven't you?
Tell me the truth, Souma.
The reason why
I didn't tell you was‐‐
Don't get me wrong,
I'm not blaming you.
I'm just shocked how
few deaths there were
near the border.
Especially when there
were few at the center
of the kingdom who
knew about the plan.
That was all thanks to Hakuya.
When I proposed evacuating the
villagers near our boundary,
he vetoed it immediately.
He figured it would tip
the principality off,
and let them know we were
aware of their movements.
Do you remember when
monsters suddenly appeared
near the frontier?
[FEBRAL]
They're called flame pierrots.
The quest is to protect
refugees in the village
from these mysterious monsters,
but such a hefty reward
for a simple task.
You don't think perhaps
there's more here
than meets the eye?
Not to mention,
even though these things
are supposed to be dangerous,
the forest has been
oddly quiet all night.
Juno, go on ahead and
see what you can find.
[JUNO] Those are soldiers from
the Principality of Amidonia.
Gotta report this, quick.
[twig cracks]
Reveal yourself!
[ENEMY SOLDIERS yelling]
[SOLDIER B] The flame
monsters are attacking us!
[ENEMY SOLDIERS yelling]
Are we having a repeat
of the dungeon incident?
Well, those Amidonians
got scared.
The survivors all ran off.
Looks like I owe
you again, Master.
In other words, the disturbance
involving the flame pierrots
was just a clever scheme
to get the villagers
near the border to safety?
[LUDWIN]
Your Majesty.
Ludwin, your report.
Sire, it seems Julius took
a detachment with him
and fled west.
Supposedly there's also
a princess, but I am told
she left the city, and took
the finance minister with her,
along with several
of their key officials.
Not having them
in the capital hurts us.
Contact Castle Parnam at once.
Have Hakuya send
over bureaucrats.
[LUDWIN]
At once.
Yes, Poncho?
[PONCHO] I‐I'm here reporting
on the status of the treasury,
uh, sire, sir.
I feel you might have
anticipated this already,
but in terms of their
food stores and capital,
supplies are rather scant.
On the plus side, they have
plenty of weapons. So much.
Keep the essential armaments,
then sell the surplus
to raise funds.
Until things are stable, let's
also ration food in the castle.
In the event we run out,
we can import more,
but only in an emergency.
Would that be possible?
If you can guarantee
our safety while traveling,
I think we can manage
easily enough, sir. Yes.
I'll make security
our top priority.
Next, Glaive.
The soldiers are maintaining
discipline and in good spirits.
With this kind of
momentum on our side,
we could easily conquer
the rest of Amidonia
if you so wish.
We'll capture nothing
beyond Van.
The fighting is over with.
Really, why not?
I figure we should
trample the enemy now,
while they're still vulnerable.
[SOUMA] No matter how much
we expand our dominion,
it all goes up in smoke
once the empire decides
to get involved.
You mean that the empire
is going to show up?
Oh, there's not a doubt
in my mind they will.
Amidonia signed the
Mankind Declaration,
and now they have been
invaded by Elfrieden.
There's no way the empire
ignores the actions we've taken.
[GLAIVE] Any changes
within mankind's borders
as a result of conflict will
not be officially recognized.
Most likely, they won't stop
at military sanctions.
But Amidonia attacked us first!
Unfortunately, that's just how
international treaties work.
The principality will probably
assert that it's Elfrieden's
own fault for not signing
onto the Declaration.
Which raises the question,
why didn't you?
Especially when you
had the chance,
and knew what would happen
if we fought Amidonia.
Because it turns out
the treaty has a catch.
Even if I wanted to, I still
couldn't sign on, so...
But I don't understand.
Well, let's just say it
could prove dangerous
to the empire and potentially
break them up.
We need to hurry up
with the postwar cleanup
before they decide to act.
[LUDWIN] The bitterness towards
the Elfrieden Kingdom runs deep.
What will His Majesty do
to remedy their distrust?
[SOUMA]
Historian Sima Qian said,
"To establish order
and render meed,
afford courtesy and song."
Sorry, I'm not
following any of this.
Juna Doma, here under the
command of Admiral Excel!
Reporting as ordered, sire!
Juna, thanks for coming!
Wonderful job at Ursula,
and that navy uniform
looks good on you, too.
I can't think of anything
more embarrassing
than having Your Majesty
seeing me dressed
in such fashion.
Ridiculous.
You pull off beautiful and
gallant without any effort.
Uh...
The reason I summoned
you here is to help me
carry out the next phase
of my strategy.
Wait, the next phase?
Yeah. I've decided to
call it Project Lorelei.
[AMIDONIAN CITIZENS chatter]
Good day to you all.
I'm Chris Tachyon.
Thank you for watching.
This is News Elfrieden, a show
where we present information,
not only about the
Elfrieden Kingdom,
but nearby countries as well,
and deliver it directly
to you, the people.
But I‐‐ I'm so nervous
that I can't stop shaking,
Your Majesty.
Take a deep breath
and just relax, Aisha.
Where's all that
confidence you showed
on the battlefield, huh?
That's because in combat,
there's none who can defeat me.
But in this setting, with all
of its pageantry and fanfare,
I can't find my nerve.
I don't see why.
Personally, I think
you look nice and fit.
Mm‐hmm. Trust me, Aisha,
they'll love you.
Do‐‐ do you really mean it?
But are you sure you wouldn't
rather someone like Juna
co‐hosting with you?
She happens to be one
of our singers, though.
Besides, if anything
unforeseen occurs,
I can't think of anyone
else I'd want by my side
protecting me.
You can count on me
to defend you,
even dressed like this!
With that, this edition of
News Elfrieden is over.
However, we've something
special planned.
A brand new
entertainment program.
It's Elfrieden's first!
I hope you will
continue to tune in.
Well. You ready, Aisha?
Yes! I would follow you
anywhere, Your Majesty.
[MAN A] His Highness was
defeated by a man such as this?
[MAN B] It's said he bested
the valiant Prince Gaius
using only his ingenuity.
[SOUMA] And now, we proudly
bring you Elfrieden's
inaugural musical program.
First, little Pamille Carol.
She may look like a child,
but don't be fooled.
When you hear her,
you'll know this songstress
has the heart of a diva!
When not singing,
Pamille's favorite pastime
is making sweets though
she minds her weight
and tries not to eat too many.
All right, let's hear
her perform a song!
Presenting, Pamille Carol!
[singing in Japanese]
Now, let me introduce the
lorelei who is the pride
of the Elfrieden Kingdom.
Presenting the
incomparable Juna Doma!
[singing in Japanese]
[AISHA gasps]
What's the matter, Your Majesty?
We're right in the
middle of the show.
When the next singer's up,
I need you to keep
a close watch over me.
Just in case.
I haven't told anyone,
but I added a surprise singer
after Juna's performance.
Don't you think you
should've told me sooner?
I have no idea if it's going
to blow up into anything,
but it's mostly for insurance.
I will safeguard your
life with my own
and make sure no explosions
happen on stage!
[AMIDONIAN CITIZENS clap]
[MAN C]
That was delightful!
[MAN D]
Very nice!
[SOUMA] And now, we have
a surprise guest performer.
Lieutenant General
Margarita Wonder
from the Principality
of Amidonia.
She will be performing her
country's national anthem,
"Through the Valley of Goldoa."
[music playing]
[singing in Japanese]
I have demonstrated my
backbone as an Amidonian.
Now, you are free
to take my head.
Why would I?
In case you didn't hear,
I just sang my country's
national anthem!
What's more, it's a song
demanding the return of the land
Elfrieden took from
our forefathers!
How can you overlook
such an outrage?
So what if I did?
There's no law in the
Elfrieden Kingdom that says
you can't sing music
just because it's from
another country.
[SOUMA]
What makes a nation good?
That's not an answer
that can easily be found.
But at the very least,
it's somewhere people
can express themselves,
where one can sing freely.